# Gap-Detection
Scripts for simulating gap detection data

TimingSimulationScript simulates data for the stimulus onset timing task. The corresponding measurement in the information train is "reaction time," the length of time between stimulus presentation and stimulus onset detection. StrengthSimulationScript simulates data for the stimulus strength detection task. The corresponding measurement in the information train is "gap length," the length of time between stimulus onset and offset detection.

Simulated data is organized into folders based on the task and whether population size or correlation size is varied.
Each file in a folder is named based on the parameter varied and contains a cell "c". Rows of "c" correspond to nested renewal process parameters, the first 10 columns correspond to trials, and the next 5 columns are the nested renewal process parameters (lambda1, lambda2, k1, k2, and total firing rate). The first 10 columns of "c" corresponding to data from 10 trials are structs containing the population information train "IT," average pairwise correlation "corr," and a parameter called "performance." For the reaction time task, "performance" is a 1x3 matrix holding (left to right) the threshold used on the information train, the measured error rate (errors/s), and the reaction time (ms). For the gap length detection task, "performance" is a 10x2 matrix containing recovery time constants (ms) in the first column, and corresponding gap lengths (ms) in the second column.

If correlation is varied, each file also contains "Spikes," the spike trains generated by a nested renewal process during the prestim time for each cell in the population. If population size is varied, the script generates a separate file called "Spikes" which contains spike trains for a population of 30 cells, and "c" contains an extra parameter called "mycells" which gives the subsampling of "Spikes" used.
